# Robot_As_A_Service_RAAS_
This Repository contains our microsoft azure hackathon submission on 01.06.2020
We firmly believe robotics will be booming in the post covid-19 phase. Since infections cannot be spread from machines. We have seen that when robots are used in any industry, their efforts are not calculated. So if we use robots in manufacturing products, their cost won't be included accurately in the product's final price. Due to which companies directly buy robots - buying robots is an expensive investment and not every business can do it. So similar to cloud provider where they provide Infrastructure as a service, we wanted to develop systems where end user need not buy robot but only pay for tasks he/she has used robots for. With this solution, we are trying to bring robotics to mainstream business. We solved this problem using blockchain and ROS(RObotics operating system). We chose blockchain because we thought that calculation of pricing and task done should be autonomous(without any bias). Our core idea is to assign smart contract to each robot i.e each robot has its own wallet/account etc. If you think logically, it makes sense - if any task is done by a person, immediate question one will ask will be what is account number. Similarly, to monetize bot's efforts, having their own wallet is/was/will be crucial for solution. I know moment someone uses blockchain, we all have that question can we do same using normal system. We see some of the characteristics of the blockchain really lifted our solution - one example is blockchain has a property once smart contracts are deployed, no one can change it or manipulate it so this acts as trust factor between end user and bot owner.How we achieved the solution and utilized blockchain are explained in the demo video, presentation etc. We plan to refine our solution after competition is over. we will see if we have scope - we will definitely think of putting this concept in a research paper.

Video Link To Our Demo:-
https://vimeo.com/424374828
